add contropanels section (#1208)
plone/documentation: docs/backend/controlpanels.md

---
html_meta:
  "description": ""
  "property=og:description": ""
  "property=og:title": ""

>   "keywords": ""

Reviewer: Please fill in these details, per guidance:

https://6-dev-docs.plone.org/contributing/authors.html#html-and-open-graph-metadata

---

(backend-controlpanels-label)=

> # Controlpanels

Reviewer: "Control panels" is two words. Please fix that throughout this document, except when it is used as an inline literal such as a command or filename.

> ## Adding a controlpanel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding a control panel
```

> To add a controlpanel to your add-on you can use [`plonecli`](https://pypi.org/project/plonecli/) follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a control panel to your add-on, you can use [`plonecli`](https://pypi.org/project/plonecli/) as follows:
```

```shell
plonecli add controlpanel
```

> This will create the controlpanel python file in the controlpanel's folder where you can define your controlpanel schema fields. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create the control panel Python file in the control panel's folder where you can define your control panel schema fields. 
```

> ## Registering a Controlpanel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Registering a Control panel
```

> To manually register a view as a contropanel, add the following registration to your `/profiles/default/controlpanel.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually register a view as a control panel, add the following registration to your `/profiles/default/controlpanel.xml`.
```

```xml
  <?xml version="1.0"?>
  <object
      name="portal_controlpanel"
      xmlns:i18n="http://xml.zope.org/namespaces/i18n"
      i18n:domain="lmu.behavior">
    <configlet
      title="Some Controlpanel"
      action_id="collective.example.some_controlpanel"
      appId="collective.example"
      category="Products"
      condition_expr=""
      url_expr="string:${portal_url}/@@some_view"
      icon_expr=""
      visible="True"
      i18n:attributes="title">
          <permission>Manage portal</permission>
    </configlet>
  </object>

>   

Reviewer: Remove extra line break.

```suggestion
```
